Impossible, absolutely impossible.
This is the limited edition version of Lao Si Lai Shi.
Worth more than 20 million. The whole Jiangcheng,
Only the hand attached, Zhang Bancheng,
There is another amount. Can you afford one?
That's true. I'll come
Otherwise, I'm looking for you
You need to take that piece of trash with you
If you don't want him to get revenge
Just let him come, Your Majesty
Go back later
This Xiao Fengyun
Even if I am afraid of convincing Zhang Bancheng
Who does he rely on?
I have been sitting there sincerely
in the position of military commander
You are really young and have been waiting for a long time.
He really knows how to make real money
It's such a good idea to accept it.
What I just mentioned
Zhenshou Northern Military Rules Experiment
Free sales are officially launched
I'm also looking to see if I can wrap up any favors.
Take a look at me by the way
Then my master became the king of battle several times
He will also rush Lin Jiang up and hold him captive.
If I were still dear but
Can I appear in the future?
No need for someone else's straw mat